write how to install make (#42)
alckasoc/discussion-agents: README.md

First install [anaconda](https://docs.anaconda.com/free/anaconda/install/windows/) and add to path by going to advanced system settings. Then, launch cmd.

> Make sure to install 'make' if it's not installed in your environment. Please follow this [article](https://earthly.dev/blog/makefiles-on-windows/), which shows you how to install 'make' successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure to install `make` if it's not installed on your computer. Please follow this [article](https://earthly.dev/blog/makefiles-on-windows/) if `make` is not installed.
```

> If you want to verify whether 'make' was installed successfully or not, run 'make' in your terminal. Here is what you should get
> 
> ```
> make: *** No targets specified and no makefile found.  Stop.
> 
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Head to your terminal and run: 
> 
> ```
> make lint 
> 
> ``
> then wait for a while
> 
> - Some Notes
> 
> '''
> auto_lint :Automatic code quality 
> lint :Code Style Checker
> test :Automated code validation.
> 
> '''

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

poetry install
```

Before you push to the GitHub repository, let me give you a brief idea:

'''
pre-commit

'''
help us to ensure that everyone follow the same coding standards etc... Check out [here](https://verdantfox.com/blog/how-to-use-git-pre-commit-hooks-the-hard-way-and-the-easy-way) for more deatils

> Once you have passed all the checkpoints, feel free to submit the PR request.

Reviewer: This needs to be revised. Specify what pre-commit is and describe how it works and why we might want to run `pre-commit uninstall` and when to `pre-commit install`
